Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection__construct.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::__construct()
==================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Construct a new Collection instance in PHP with options for read and write concerns, type mapping, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Construct a new Collection instance with the MongoDB PHP Library, with options for read and write concerns, type mapping, and more.
```
